chore: add example of running the proxy as a service (#776)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloudsql-proxy: examples/k8s-service/README.md

# Running the Cloud SQL Proxy as a Service

This example demonstrates how to run the Cloud SQL Auth Proxy with PgBouncer on
Kubernetes as a service. It assumes you have already successfully completed all
the steps in [Using the Cloud SQL Auth Proxy on Kubernetes][sidecar].

In this example, you will deploy [PgBouncer][] with the Cloud SQL Auth Proxy as
a sidecar, in addition to configuring encryption between the application and
PgBouncer.

## A Word of Warning

Running PgBouncer with the Cloud SQL Auth Proxy may pose a significant
operational burden and should be undertaken with caution given the attendant
complexity.

In general, we recommend [running the proxy as a sidecar][sidecar] to your
application because it is simple, there is less overhead, it is secure out of
the box, and there is less latency involved.

> However, the service pattern is useful when you are at very large scale, when
> you clearly need a database connection pooler, and when you are running into SQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the service pattern is useful when you are at very large scale, when
client side connection pooling isn't sufficient, or when you are running into Cloud SQL
```

Admin API quota problems.

## Initial Setup

Before we deploy PgBouncer with the Cloud SQL Auth Proxy, there are three
initial steps to take.

### Generate Certificates for PgBouncer

First, you will need to generate certificates to encrypt the connection between
the application and PgBouncer. We recommend using [CFSSL][] to handle

> certificate generation. Note: this example uses self-signed certificates. In

Reviewer: Do we recommend it or is that just what this example is using?

Author: I'll verify what best-practices are and update the wording to make it clear.
